Learning objectives (#6)
mitre/fhir-for-research: modules/key-fhir-resources.qmd

  - Clinician Scientist/Trainee

learning_objectives:

>   - question: Give three examples of key FHIR resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: Identify key FHIR resources.
```

    answer: Patient, Observation, and Bundle.

>   - question: Explain the significance of a FHIR structure table for a resource and what is included in the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: Explain the significance of a FHIR resource's "structure table" in the FHIR specification and identify what is included in the table.
```

>     answer: FHIR resources are defined in a structure table that lists out each attribute's name, flags, cardinality, type, constraints, and descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    answer: The data elements of each FHIR resource are listed in a "structure table" on that resource's page in the FHIR specification. The structure table includes each data element's name, flags, cardinality, type, constraints, and descriptions.
```

  - question: Describe how FHIR resources support interoperability.

>     answer: A FHIR resource's attributes are rigorously defined, which allows systems to transfer medical information without loss of meaning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    answer: The data elements of each FHIR resource are rigorously defined by the FHIR specification. Systems that (correctly) implement the FHIR specification are therefore able have a consistent location and format for storing data, which supports transfer of medical information without loss of meaning.
```
